hello everyone prepare to be amazed so
I'm playing and I've managed to get my
enchanting and smithing all the way up
to 100 so not only can i not only kind
of craft really awesome items such as
that i renamed the sucker punch get it
sucker because it's absorbing 18 points
of health and 22 points stamina not only
does that thing already have 98 damage
and that is freakin amazing but i also
have all this armor 126 armor increased
56 points of health and stamina i have
all that all of this this is all ebony
pretty much does mostly the same thing
52 defense one-handed attacks and sneak
twenty-four percent better that one's
just for alchemy and restoration then
block thirty six percent increase health
by 56 and that right there that's all
day a jerk if you didn't know that but
uh what i found in this little dungeon I
don't even I think they won't song with
the companions guild I don't know but
found this and I decided why not use it
and let's see what we can get out of
that so I'm going to make a video of me
pretty much destroying the game
you're someone who can get things done I
like
all right let's see the outcome of that
118 damage 5.7 k value I'm scared to see
this 146 armor 9000 oh my I just I can't
even believe that and you know the best
part is where she had
okay where's my companion lady there she
is
I am sworn to carry your I'm sorry Lydia
but this isn't a burden at all
no not that that is mine give it back
you lead I'll follow that's my effing
it's my companion that thing she's like
better than some people in general 118
damage 62 defense 146 defense 7067
defense god I just broke the game
nothing's ever going to like district
roll and nothing can take through that
much and then i have this to you which
is literally the same things my mace oh
my god well I wish you guys look because
that right there is what getting you are
enchanting and your smithing up to a
hundred is going to do right there this
is this right here best thing in the
game to enchantments on the same item
but anyways i hope this hope this video
not only did you like it but i hope it
made you jealous and i hope you find
that same potion because wow